removed outdated text (#8583)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/password-policy.md

**Computer Configuration\\Windows Settings\\Security Settings\\Account Policies\\Password Policy**

> This group policy is applied on domain level. If individual groups require distinct password policies, consider using of fine-grained password policies, as described above.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
This group policy is applied on the domain level. If individual groups require distinct password policies, consider the use of fine-grained password policies, as described above.
```
